Modular Synth

The project is a modular synth, capable of plugging into a MIDI keyboard/device and outputting sound into an AUX output. There will also be a screen with a menu for selecting between sounds.
The project will use an STM32 board and a basic MIDI keyboard

Inputs
    There are 3 exterior inputs:
        1. Power
        2. MIDI (via USB)
        3. Menu controls (one joystick and one button)

Outputs
    There are 2 exterior outputs:
        1. AUX output
        2. Menu screen
        3. Power light

Note on MIDI
    The MIDI keyboard that I am using has a basic USB output, so my keyboard will have to use a USB Micro-B OTG adapter to connect to the STM32 board.

Menu
    There are 3 vertical levels of access in the menu system. Scrolling up/down will take the user through levels, each one retaining their state before switching.
        1. Bank / Category info
            Able to switch preset banks / category of presets (ie: synth pads, synth plucks, etc). When first loaded into this level, users will see the text: Banks. Upon scrolling horizontally on the joystick, they will see: Categories. Continuing to scroll will result in continually switching between banks and categories. Upon pressing the button on either category, the user will be entered into a list of selections. Scrolling left, there will be a link called back, if pressed, it will take the user back to the selection between banks / category. Pressing any of the selections other than back will change the user's available presets and reset the currently used preset to the first entry of whatever category the user selected.
        2. Preset toggle
            In this level, the user can scroll left/right between presets. At first, the first available preset is chosen, and anytime a preset is chosen, the system will place a checkmark/some other symbol next to the preset name to indicate that the preset is used- and that preset will be used for all output. 
        3. Power and system info
            Power off selection will put the synth in 'off mode,' with no input/output and the display is turned off, where clicking the button will turn the synth on again.
